README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Handbook

[![Open In Google Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/index.ipynb)
[![Open in Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/master?filepath=index.ipynb)
![stability-wip](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-work_in_progress-lightgrey.svg)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)

This repository contains Python notebooks showcasing various ML and Deep Learning algorithms. Associated exercises can be found in the [Machine Learning Katas](https://github.com/bpesquet/machine-learning-katas) repository.

It is part of the Machine Learning course taught at the [Graduate School of Cognitive Engineering](https://www.bordeaux-inp.fr/en) (ENSC).

[![ENSC logo](ensc-logo.jpg)](https://www.bordeaux-inp.fr/en)

## Content

|Tools|Machine Learning|Deep Learning|
|-|-|-|
|🐍 [Python](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/tools/Python.ipynb)|📈 [Linear Regression](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/ml-algorithms/Linear_Regression.ipynb)|🎛 [Dense Neural Networks](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/deep-learning/Dense_Neural_Networks.ipynb)|
|🔢 [NumPy](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/tools/NumPy.ipynb)||🛠 [Neural Networks Tuning](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/deep-learning/Neural_Networks_Tuning.ipynb)|
|🐼 [Pandas](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/tools/Pandas.ipynb)|||
|📊 [Matplotlib](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/tools/Matplotlib.ipynb)|||

## How to run the notebooks

* Launch executable versions of the examples with [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/) (Google account needed): [![Open In Google Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/blob/master/index.ipynb)

* Alternatively, run them online with [Binder](https://mybinder.org/): [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/bpesquet/machine-learning-handbook/master?filepath=index.ipynb)

* Clone or download this repository and run a [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebook server on your local machine.

Commit message:

Add Binder button to all notebooks

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Handbook

![stability-wip](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-work_in_progress-lightgrey.svg)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)

This repository contains Python notebooks showcasing various ML and Deep Learning algorithms.

It is part of the Machine Learning course taught at the [Graduate School of Cognitive Engineering](https://www.bordeaux-inp.fr/en) (ENSC).

- Associated exercises can be found in the [Machine Learning Katas](https://github.com/bpesquet/machine-learning-katas) repository.
- Course slides are only available in [French](https://www.bpesquet.fr/slides/ia/) for now. Désolé!

[![ENSC logo](ensc-logo.jpg)](https://www.bordeaux-inp.fr/en)

## Content

|Tools|Machine Learning|Deep Learning|
|-|-|-|
|🐍 [Python](tools/Python.ipynb)|📈 [Linear Regression](ml-algorithms/Linear_Regression.ipynb)|🎛 [Dense Neural Networks](deep-learning/Dense_Neural_Networks.ipynb)|
|🔢 [NumPy](tools/NumPy.ipynb)||🛠 [Neural Networks Tuning](deep-learning/Neural_Networks_Tuning.ipynb)|
|🐼 [Pandas](tools/Pandas.ipynb)||🖼️ [Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)](deep-learning/Convolutional_Neural_Networks.ipynb)|
|📊 [Matplotlib](tools/Matplotlib.ipynb)|||

## How to run the notebooks

- Launch an executable version of a notebook in [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/) (Google account needed) by clicking this button: ![Open In Google Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)

- Alternatively, run it online with [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) by clicking this button: ![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)

* Clone or download this repository and run a [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebook server on your local machine.
